[18.0][MIG] stock_picking_volume: Migration to 18.0 (#2278)
OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse: stock_picking_volume/README.rst

   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fstock--logistics--warehouse-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse/tree/18.0/stock_picking_volume
    :alt: OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/stock-logistics-warehouse-18-0/stock-logistics-warehouse-18-0-stock_picking_volume
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/stock-logistics-warehouse&target_branch=18.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

> For some processes, you need to know the volume of your stock picking.
> This could be useful for example to know the device to use to process
> it. An other use case could be to know how many trucks you need to
> deliver your products.
> 
> By default, the delivery module from Odoo will compute the picking
> weight. Unfortunately, it will not compute the volume. This module will
> add the volume computation to the picking and to the stock move. This
> information will be stored in the database and will be available on the
> picking form view and on the stock move form view.

Reviewer: Taking the opportunity to remove some technical terms:
```suggestion
For some processes, you need to know the volume of your stock transfers.
This could be useful for example to know the device to use to process
it. An other use case could be to know how many trucks you need to
deliver your products.

By default, the delivery module from Odoo will compute the transfer
weight. Unfortunately, it will not compute the volume. This module will
add the volume computation to the stock transfer and to the moves. This
information will be stored in the database and will be available on the
transfer and move form views.
```

Author: Done
